Previously,
on When Calls the Heart...
How much
are you asking?
Depends on who buys it.
Well, I'll keep that in mind.
Cody's happy here.
This is where he belongs.
Am I in your story?
There is a Mountie.
Rosemary LeVeaux,
will you be my wife?
Of course I will.
[♪♪♪]
Now, about
the linens...
Hmm?
Blue or white?
For what?
[chuckles]
The reception, silly.
White tablecloths
are standard,
but if we went
with blue...
they bring out
the color in my eyes.
What are we gonna
match with my eyes?
Something bloodshot?
[chuckles] Lee.
You really do need
to get some rest.
Well, I would love that, but
there just isn't enough time,
with everything on
your wedding "to-do" list.
Consider it a labor of love.
[♪♪♪]
Now. About the dinner,
for the reception...
Mm...
Isn't that something
you should talking
to Abigail about?
I thought we'd have
the food sent in
from the Grand Hotel
in Union City.
There's nothing grand
about the food from Union City,
trust me.
I love Abigail,
and you know that,
but... is she...
skilled enough
to put together
a whole wedding banquet?
Just tell her what you want,
and I'm sure she can handle it.
There have been
storms all over.
I wouldn't want
to take the chance
of the food not
arriving on time.
How about this one?
Well, that's--
...An improvement.
It's definitely
a-- a-a--
A baby step
in the right direction.
You don't like it.
Oh, Elizabeth,
I do appreciate you offering
to do the place cards,
I do, but...
it's just so... school-teachery.
It just needs a little flair.
The letters need to dance
across the paper.
Maybe you could try
working on your apex,
and your arches.
Do you need a new nib?
There is nothing wrong
with my nib!
Oh. Well...
Then this is...
this will be
just fine.
Let me try again.
What are you doing?
It was fine!
We don't want our wedding
to be "fine," Lee!
We want our wedding
to be fantastic.
Well, let's just hope
we have some friends left
to attend
our "fantastic" wedding.
[♪♪♪]
[sighs]
Goodnight, boy.
[pounding at door]
Can I help you?
I could use
a hot cup of coffee.
Mom!
In the flesh.
[laughs]
[♪♪♪]
So you rode all the way
from Aberdeen on horseback?
Through the bad weather?
Well, it's not
like I'd melt.
You know, there's a thing
called a "stagecoach" now.
Maybe you've
heard of it.
You always did
like to sass.
I'm just saying,
a stage might have been
a little safer.
Well, weather made
a mess of the schedule.
And besides,
it's been way too long
since I've seen you, son.
So,
this is where you live?
It's not so bad.
Mm-hmm.
And, uh...
where's the young lady
you were writing me about?
That's really
why you came, isn't it?
Can't a mother miss her son?
[chuckles] And here we go.
What is that supposed to mean?
It's an old trick
of yours.
Asking a question
instead of giving me an answer.
Do I do that?
[sighs] I surrender.
[laughs]
It's getting late.
Let's just talk more
in the morning.
Just point me
toward the hotel.
No, the front desk
closes at 10:00,
you're staying here
for the night.
Take my bed.
I'm gonna bunk
in the cell.
It's good to see you, son.
You too, Ma.
How was your trip?
Oh, endless.
Some of the roads
were washed out,
so the coach had to
take the long way home.
Guess what?
Becky won
the scholarship contest.
Wow, that's great news!
Can't say
I'm surprised, though.
Hey, Cody!
You want to play kickball?
Is it okay, Miss Abigail?
Oh, I don't know
where you get all that energy
after such a big trip,
but have fun.
It's good to see you.
Truth be told, I missed you.
Well, as long as
we're telling the truth,
I missed you, too.
If you're not too tired
from your trip,
I was thinking we could
go riding tomorrow.
I'm thinking
it's a date.
Told ya I'd deliver.
That's why I hired you.
Did anybody get hurt?
Let's just say the guy knew
I meant business.
He was three months behind
on a loan I gave him.
I believe
this is what we agreed upon.
Plus a bonus.
Got any more work?
Soon enough.
Pleasure doing
business with you.
[footsteps receding]
You've got a loose
button. Here.
Take that off.
Let me sew it for you.
Nah. I'll fix it later.
Jack, how is anyone
going to respect you
with a loose button?
Well, if I lose their respect
over a button,
I never had it.
[chuckles] You still
got that cowlick.
Ma, I can dress myself
without your help.
Well, there's
that sass again.
[sneezes]
You're not getting
sick, are you?
Ahh. You know
I don't get sick.
It's that dog.
Rip?
No. He had
a bath yesterday.
Well, he needs
another one.
[Rip howls]
[door opens]
Hello.
Hi.
This is my mother,
Charlotte Thornton.
Ma, Elizabeth Thatcher.
Well, hello.
Mrs. Thornton, it is
such a pleasure to meet you.
Jack, I can't believe
you didn't tell me
that your mother
was coming for a visit.
Well,
I didn't know.
I, uh, like to
surprise him, Lizzie.
Keeps him on his toes.
It's Elizabeth, Ma.
Oh, that's all right.
You can call me whatever
you like, Mrs. Thornton.
Hmm.
Why don't you both
come to over to my place
for dinner tonight?
I'll make shepherd's pie.
You're going to cook
for my mother?
Is that a problem?
Not at all.
And I'll help.
Oh, but, Ma,
you can't cook either.
What do you
mean by "either"?
Did I say "either"?
[chuckles]
I meant "often."
Neither of you
cook very often,
so I thought that I would
treat us to dinner at Abigail's.
[sneezes]
Bless you.
She thinks
she's allergic to Rip.
Someone
needs a bath.
Rip or Jack?
[Charlotte laughs]
You know what?
I have plenty of space
at my house.
Why don't you come
and stay with me?
Oh, no, we wouldn't
want to impose.
It's no imposition.
Well, in that case,
I'll go get my bags.
Hmm...
You think
I can't cook?
Oh, no. You--
You've gotten much better.
Then why would you say that?
Now your mother's gonna think
I can't even
prepare a decent meal.
Well, then you'd
have that in common.
But you don't, because...
you're a much better cook
than she is.
[♪♪♪]
I want you
to release the doves
just as Lee and I
leave the church.
Maybe we could
throw rice instead.
Hickam.
What aren't
you telling me?
The lock on the cage
wasn't closed all
the way last night.
I'm afraid
your birds flew away.
[gasps] Oh, no.
All of them?
All except for one.
I think he's
too fat to fly.
Well, you put him
on a diet
and you find the rest of
those naughty little birds.
I need solutions,
not problems!
Yes, ma'am.
Rosie LeVeaux.
Is that you?
Charlotte Thornton!
[laughing]
Oh, ho, ho!
It's been ages!
Yes, the last time
I saw you,
you and Jack had
just gotten engaged.
Oh, dear.
I hope there are
no hard feelings.
Hard feelings?
You and Jack were oil and water.
You were never
meant to be together.
I guess you knew
before we did.
Chalk it up
to mother's intuition.
Well, I finally did find
the man of my dreams.
We're getting
married on Saturday.
Congratulations, honey.
He's one lucky man.
I'm the lucky one.
So much to chat about. Come!
I have to admit,
I wasn't sure how
I felt about seeing you.
I should never have
asked you to choose
between Bill and me.
You really mean that?
I do.
I just hope
that you'll forgive me.
As long as
it doesn't happen again.
It won't, I promise.
You know, Henry,
I've been thinking.
We both have
unhappy memories here.
Maybe it's time for us
to get a fresh start.
What did you have in mind?
I know it may sound
like an impossible idea,
but what if we started over
somewhere else?
Far away from Hope Valley?
I've already put a bid
on that property I showed you.
You could withdraw it.
[Footsteps]
Your guest room is very nice.
I'm so glad
you're comfortable.
And I can see
that you do not like
dusting any more than I do.
Actually, I just dusted
this afternoon.
Of course you did.
Aren't you worried about
making a mess
of your pretty blouse?
Oh, it's
nothing fancy.
I sew my own
clothes.
Oh.
Do you sew?
I once sewed a pillowcase.
That's nice.
Oh, what's that?
Paprika.
Jack likes pepper.
I didn't know that.
Well, now you do. Here you go.
Isn't that a lot of pepper?
Oh, you can never have
too much pepper.
Now, all that's missing
is my special ingredient.
Love?
Lard.
Here we go.
[♪♪♪]
Now, here's the list of entrees
I was thinking of.
Four different choices?
You don't think
that's enough?
Rosemary, could it be
that you're trying too hard?
I just want everything
to be perfect.
People are coming
to your wedding
because they care about
you and Lee,
not because you're serving them
some fancy dinner.
They want to celebrate
the promise
of your future together.
They want to celebrate
the love you have
for each other.
Oh, Abigail.
That's so...
dear of you to say.
It's true.
Then I won't worry
about the food.
You have absolutely
nothing to worry about.
So, about the bridal shower...
What about it?
Don't you think
you and Elizabeth
should start decorating?
There isn't much time left.
It is tomorrow night.
And we're going to
decorate tomorrow.
But are you sure
that's enough time?
I just want everything to be--
And it will be.
Okay.
This is
really delicious.
[Charlotte] You've hardly
eaten a mouthful.
That's just...
it's really filling.
But good.
Mm.
It's really good.
Your mother put lard
in my shepherd's pie.
Lard is what makes it
stick to the shepherd's ribs.
I-I had a, uh,
quite a big lunch, so...
And speaking of lunch,
I think we should head
to the settlement tomorrow,
before lunch,
maybe just after breakfast.
[Charlotte]
What settlement?
It's just south of town,
by the river.
Couple of dozen families
just moved there.
[Elizabeth] They're renting
the land there
until they can afford
to build permanent homes.
They really
don't have very much.
Sounds like a tough life.
It is.
Elizabeth is trying to set up
a school there for the children.
Why can't they come
to the school in Hope Valley?
It's too far, it's
a three-hour walk from here.
The first school I taught
was in a tent.
Jack told me
you were a teacher.
Well, I haven't been in
a classroom in a long while.
I miss the kids.
Well, you should come tomorrow.
I wouldn't want to
impose on your mother.
[Charlotte] I'd love to.
If Lizzie doesn't think
I'd be in the way.
You could never
be in the way, Ma.
Not in a million years.
[♪♪♪]
[water splashing]
Good morning, Sunshine.
It's 5:00
in the morning.
I made coffee.
[exhales]
I've been up since 4:00.
I couldn't find
a washboard.
That's because
I don't have one.
How do you
wash your clothes?
I pay Mrs. Miller
to do it.
Oh.
With my schedule,
it isn't always easy
to get the laundry done,
and the Millers
are new in town.
They could really use
the extra money.
Well, I do it myself.
I don't really care for the idea
of someone else handling
my personal items.
Oh, I wash
my own unmentionables.
You know,
I never could figure out
why a person would bring them up
when they can't mention
what they are.
[chuckles]
Sit.
I really do love
this time of day.
A person can get so much done
before the rest of the house
gets underfoot.
I bet your mom
felt the same way.
Well, she did have help.
You kids pitched in?
I meant the servants.
Yeah, Jack told me
about your life in Hamilton.
Must've been very comfortable.
Maybe
too comfortable.
It's part of the reason
why I moved to Hope Valley,
to do things for myself.
Except your laundry.
[chuckles]
This is the last of it.
[Bill] Great.
You work this girl
too hard.
Well, no choice.
Had to pack up
a last-minute load of supplies
for the boys
up at the Silverton Mine.
We needed to get the wagon
on the road in a hurry,
in case the rain
washes out the trail.
[thunder rumbles in distance]
Isn't this fabric
just gorgeous?
Gorgeous.
And there's lots of it!
Are you sure
you have enough time
to make
all four dresses?
Four? I thought
you said there were
three bridesmaids.
Did I?
No. I meant four.
So hard to keep track
of all the details.
Clara's very good
at sewing.
I might be able
to convince her to help.
That's a wonderful idea.
I really have to run.
Lee and I have a meeting
with Pastor Hogan.
Good luck with
the hoop skirts!
Hoop skirts?
If it were up to me,
we would get married
right this second.
Well, I do have
the power vested in me.
Uh, Lee.
I want a wedding
like we planned.
With all our guests,
the flowers, the music,
the gazebo.
Gazebo?
Yes, a gazebo.
I promised to build
Rosemary a gazebo
for the ceremony.
But honestly, um,
with the mill
being so busy,
I kinda...
I kinda forgot.
[forced chuckle]
He forgot.
Isn't that
just like a man?
It's almost as if
our wedding is the last
thing on his mind.
No, no,
I didn't say that.
Did I say that?
Communication is the key
to any good marriage.
We communicate
about everything,
don't we, Lee?
Oh, yes.
Great communicators.
She does
all the talking,
I do all the listening.
And the forgetting,
apparently.
It's important
to be open and honest
and lay everything on the table
as soon as possible.
We agree on
just about everything,
don't we, Lee?
Yep. Two peas
in a pod.
We want the same
things in life.
Big house.
A white picket fence.
-Two cats.
-A Model T.
Five kids.
What?
Five kids. Children.
You know. Wee ones.
[stammering] But...
Children are...
very noisy and-- and...
"Noisy"?
And they come
with diapers.
[whispers] Do you know
what's in those diapers?
So... y-you don't
want children?
Would you just give us
a... a second?
[exhales]
Children are so...
Sticky.
[♪♪♪]
Edith!
How's Roy?
Working hard.
I hope he's gonna
be all right.
You're worried about
the rain in the mountains.
I heard some of the folks
talking about
how it washed out the road
to the mine last year.
Ned Yost just sent up a wagon
full of supplies.
Even if the road
does wash out,
they'll have plenty of food
and clean water.
Our kids don't have
time for school.
We're just
trying to survive.
There is nothing more
essential than an education.
They won't be scientists
and doctors, Miss Thatcher.
Well, they could be...
if we just give
them the chance.
You don't know the first thing
about our way of life.
I'm a teacher,
and I know how important it is
for children to learn.
Miss Thatcher
taught me to read!
It's easy,
once you know how.
I'm sorry. We're not
setting up a school here.
There just isn't time
for the children
to sit for lessons.
They said they would
read us a story.
All right. One story.
Then it's time
for your chores.
Maggie, you stay
with your brother.
She likes to wander off.
I'll keep
an eye on her.
Come along.
[sighs] You know...
I grew up dirt poor.
Then you know
what it's like for us.
I do.
And the best thing I ever did
was learn to read and write.
It's why I became a teacher.
I wanted to give back
what I had been given.
That young lady means well,
but she doesn't understand
people like us.
[Jack] Ma'am?
May I tell you
about that young lady?
Elizabeth Thatcher,
she's worked wonders for
the children of Hope Valley,
and if she's willing
to help your children,
I think you should thank
your lucky stars.
There's not a teacher alive
who is as dedicated
and as talented as she is.
Except your mother.
[chuckles]
If you want a better life
for your children,
take her up on her offer.
[♪♪♪]
I'll say one thing
about this kind of work, Roy.
Makes me miss home.
Yeah, I'm not crazy about
sleeping in a soggy tent
with nine other guys either.
How long are you
here this haul?
Three weeks.
That's a long time away
from your wife and son.
How about you?
Three more days
and I'm heading back.
Not looking forward
to a three-hour
wagon ride,
but when I get home,
you know, if I have two pennies
to rub together,
I may even treat Nancy
and Harper to dinner in town.
I came as soon
as they left the bank.
I thought you'd want
to know right away.
Slow down.
Who left the bank?
They said they were
government auditors.
I didn't like the kind
of questions they were asking.
What questions?
It was the implication
of misuse of funds.
Now, I told them all allocations
go through your office,
but they insisted
on seizing the records.
You did the right thing
by coming to me.
If there's anything else
I can do...
Don't worry about it.
I'll straighten this out.
Maybe I should, uh--
[sharply] I said,
I'd handle it.
Good afternoon.
[♪♪♪]
"But he just
couldn't find Frisky.
But when Nathaniel climbed
the stairs to his cozy bedroom,
there was Frisky,
his treasured companion,"
sitting at the foot of the bed,
happily wagging his tail."
The end.
Will you read us
another story?
There's another book
in the series,
but it's back
in Hope Valley.
Why don't you
come for a visit?
-Can we?
-Please?
We'll see what
the other mothers have to say.
[♪♪♪]
Feels nice to be
out of the kitchen
for a while.
Rosemary has certainly
kept me busy.
Well, if you ever
need a break,
just let me know.
Florence
came by the cafe
and asked
an interesting question.
Yeah? What did
she want to know?
Well, she asked if--
well, if you and I
were officially courting.
What'd you say?
What would you
have said?
Well, I would have
told her the truth.
I would have said yes.
That's what I said.
[laughs]
Well, now that
it's official...
why don't you let me
take you to dinner
at the saloon
tomorrow night?
Oh, I can't
tomorrow night.
It's spaghetti night.
It's Cody's
favorite meal
and we play games
after dinner.
Okay.
Unless you'd like
to join us?
Thought
you'd never ask.
[♪♪♪]
Oh! What a lovely sachet.
Thank you, Florence.
I read that
fresh-smelling clothes
will always
make a man happy.
Oh?
I'll keep that in mind.
Elizabeth, wasn't Charlotte
going to join us tonight?
Oh, she said
she was exhausted.
Poor dear.
She's probably tired
from her long ride.
I don't blame her at all
for needing some rest.
Mrs. Thornton is...
colorful, isn't she?
How are you two
getting along?
I hear she's
staying with you.
Oh...
She is a wonderful house guest.
And very creative
in the kitchen.
And...
an early riser.
I'll go get the punch
and cookies.
You know what?
I'll help you.
[men laughing]
A toast!
To the man of the hour.
-Ah!
-Here, here.
Any man marrying Rosemary
deserves more than an hour.
True!
And a poker game,
I think.
Well, let's find us
a table, shall we?
Let's.
Jack?
As you know, uh,
each groom needs
a best man,
and I was thinking
that, um...
I'd be honored, Lee.
Ahh! I'm assuming
you know what it entails
to being a best man?
The rings, of course.
And making sure Rosemary
doesn't drive you crazy?
That's pretty
much it, yep.
What's the game, boys?
Stud or draw?
[Charlotte]
I call stud.
That is, if you gents
can use another player.
Well, we always have room
for a pretty lady.
Gentlemen...
I would like to introduce you
to my mother,
Charlotte Thornton.
[overlapping] Mother?
[♪♪♪]
Well, it's nice
to finally meet you.
It's good
to meet you.
My name's Bill Avery.
I worked with
your husband years ago.
He always had very fond
things to say about you.
Well, Mr. Avery,
from what my husband told me
about your poker skills,
it looks like I stand to do
very well this evening.
[laughter]
Rosemary...
is everything all right?
You don't seem like
your normal bubbly self.
Everything's
just perfect.
Why wouldn't it be?
No reason.
[exhales shakily]
Oh, Elizabeth...
I'm usually the one
with all the answers.
I'm the one with
the advice column.
I just don't know what to do.
About?
Lee! We are
so perfectly matched,
we agree on everything.
[sighing]
But now there's...
children.
What about
children?
I don't think
we agree about them at all!
About how to raise them?
The whole concept.
In general.
Rosemary.
You and Lee
love each other, right?
You want to make
each other happy?
Completely, and totally.
Well, when two people feel
that way about each other,
they find answers,
and finding the answers
brings them together,
it doesn't pull them apart.
That's very wise.
Maybe you should
take over the advice column.
Once I'm a married woman,
I might not have the time.
[laughs] I doubt
I could do it justice.
You having problems
of your own?
[hushed] Charlotte.
We're so different.
I'll let you in
on a little secret.
When God made that woman,
He broke the mold.
There's not a person
on this planet
who has anything
in common with her.
[both laugh]
She's very...
Unique.
"Unique." Yes.
Let's go with that.
[both laughing]
Jack, you should've warned us
that your mother's beauty
belied her poker face.
She is full
of surprises.
I am sorry to have
cleaned you out
at your own
bachelor party.
It's all right.
I always respect a winner.
Thank you.
Anyone want
to place a wager
on a friendly
game of darts?
[Jack] I think it's time
to call it a night.
[Charlotte] Kill-joy.
[men sighing]
Good night.
[Elizabeth, laughs]
I can't believe
your mother ditched
the bridal shower
and crashed
the bachelor party.
She said
she was tired.
Must've gotten
a second wind.
Sometimes, I don't believe
she's really your mother.
Why not?
You and she
are so different.
She's a survivor.
It wasn't easy having
Tom and me so young,
raising us by herself,
and holding down a job.
Look, I want
to thank you
for spending
so much time with her.
It's my pleasure.
Sure about that?
We're heading out
for a duck hunt.
Want to come?
Sorry. I have patrol.
Darn. I have school.
Maybe next time.
Did you get that button fixed?
I'll do it tonight.
Don't forget.
Ma.
Ahem.
And you need
a hair cut!
Mom.
You care about her
very much, don't you?
Yeah. When she's not
driving me crazy.
[laughing]
Hey, Clara.
How would you like
to go for a fancy dinner
next Friday night?
I got plenty
of cash now.
No thanks.
What about Saturday?
I know where that cash
came from, Jesse.
You're working
for Mr. Gowen.
[laughs] So?
He's the mayor.
That doesn't
make him a good man.
Why don't
you like him?
It's a long list.
Let's just say
he's not trustworthy.
He paid me. I'd say
that's pretty trustworthy.
What did
he pay you to do?
I took care of some
personal business for him.
I collected a debt.
What did you have
to do to collect?
Nothing.
If you want us
to see each other,
you can't work for him.
Well, then maybe
I'll have find someone else
to take to dinner.
Maybe you should.
[footsteps receding]
[Dottie] You said
you had a favor to ask?
[Bill] I do.
It's not an easy one.
The bank has hired me
to check into
some possible problems
with the town's
finances,
which means
I have to find out
if Gowen's been up
to anything.
I'm sure it's just
a misunderstanding.
Well, I won't
know that
until I look at
his private ledgers--
the ones
in his office.
You're not
asking me to...
to steal them,
are you?
No, no, no, no.
I would never ask you
to do something
like that,
but the townspeople
do deserve to know
if their mayor
has betrayed them.
So... [sighs]
I'm just wondering
if there's anything
that you feel
you could share
that might be of help.
Have you ever noticed
there's a barrel
outside the mayor's office?
I can't say
as I have.
There's no reason
you would.
But there
is something there
that might be of use
to someone
who wants to know
whether the mayor
has been honest or not.
But you didn't
hear it from me.
Recess isn't
over yet, girls.
We want you
to skip rope with us.
I'll tell you what,
I'll join you as soon
as I'm finished with this.
What are you doing
with those books?
I'm giving them to the children
at the settlement.
I thought they didn't
know how to read.
Well, hopefully, these books
will help them learn.
Why don't they have
books of their own?
They don't have
as many things as we do.
Their parents don't even have
enough money for proper houses.
Their families
traveled a long way
to start new lives here.
There wasn't room
to bring much with them.
I have some books at home
they can have.
I have some dolls.
Miles has some tin soldiers
he doesn't play with anymore.
That's a wonderful idea.
Why don't you go ask
the other children
if they have anything
they'd like to give as well?
Is this gonna be sort of
like Kindness Week?
It's the sort of kindness
we should show people every day.
[Rosemary]
That's three more regrets.
I can't believe
people are canceling because of
a silly thing like the weather.
There's been some flooding
in the hills.
This one's from
my dearest friend from New York,
Penelope Calloway.
[gasps] Oh!
Can you believe it?
She isn't coming
because she's having a baby!
It's difficult to travel
in her condition.
Honestly?
She should've planned ahead.
I'm gonna go see Dottie
about the bridesmaids'
dresses. [huffs]
There sure is a big fuss
about this wedding.
Well, when it comes
to Miss LeVeaux,
there's always a big fuss.
What's so special
about a wedding anyway?
A wedding
is a celebration
of marriage,
it's a lifelong commitment
of love
that two people
give to each other.
Doesn't get more special
than that.
How do you know if
you want to marry each other?
It's something
you feel in your heart.
And then what happens?
Then a man will ask a lady
to be his wife.
But then she has to say yes.
Can pastors get married?
From what I've been told.
So when are you going to
ask Miss Abigail?
[Gasping]
Cody.
Do you have to
pray about it?
Cody, I'm praying right now.
[chuckles]
Eat up, young man.
Whoa.
[Bill] River's
running pretty fast.
Shouldn't be a problem
for the settlement,
as long as
there's no more rain.
Mm. Or a log jam
in the mountains.
I'll ride up there later
and take a look.
I'll go with you.
I want to check the mine
and make sure the road's clear.
Good idea.
Bill?
Did Jenkins talk to you
about Gowen?
Yeah, he said there's
some irregularities
with the town's accounts.
I told him my hands are tied
without a court order.
Can't make Gowen
show me his books
without a subpoena.
You knew Jenkins would
come to me, didn't you?
You don't have to
play by the rules.
Just the way I like it. Hyah!
[Frank] I had such
a good time last night.
I feel like I should
apologize for Cody.
Ah, you don't need to apologize.
Keep the change.
I'll see you soon?
More coffee, Charlotte?
Thank you.
Oh, I wish I could make it
half as good as you do.
I have a secret ingredient.
Lard?
Who puts lard in coffee?
Oh. Just a wild guess.
[chuckles]
So... what's going on
between you and the Pastor?
Well, how do you know
anything's going on?
Just another wild guess.
Frank and I are courting.
How's your little boy
feel about it?
Oh, Cody loves Frank.
My boys were not that easy.
So you never met anyone
after your husband died?
I tried.
In the end,
I didn't want to rock the boat.
Is that the real reason?
Maybe it is...
maybe it isn't.
I fell in love
with Jack's father
from the moment I met him.
I figured something like that
only comes along
once in a lifetime.
Maybe it does,
maybe it doesn't.
It's too late now.
It's never too late
to find true love again.
Spoken like
someone who has found it.
[chuckles]
[Elizabeth] I'm so glad
the children were able
to visit Hope Valley.
Me too.
Can I pet Rip?
Of course you can.
Can he play fetch?
That depends on his mood.
Let's find out.
Come on. Come on, boy.
Come on, Harper.
Thanks
for the baseball.
You want to play catch?
Sure!
It was kind of you
to send a wagon for us.
Ever since
you read them
that story about
Nathaniel and the dog,
they've been asking
about coming here.
Would you like
some more tea, Brownie?
He says yes,
and he would like
a cookie, too.
He's a very nice bear.
Would you like him
to stay with you for awhile?
Could he?
If you like,
I'd be happy to make a trip
to the settlement
once a week for a lesson.
I could bring some of
the children with me.
I don't know.
There's-- There's
so much to do.
Once a week wouldn't take
much time away from the chores.
They're getting
along so well.
[kids laughing]
I don't know about this.
I thought you said
you wanted a fresh start?
But leaving
town so soon...
Well, you know me, Nora.
I get something in my mind,
I don't want to wait.
You're not having
second thoughts, are you?
No.
You know,
I thought a lot
about that you said--
about this town,
and about the bad blood
between Bill and I.
I think we both know
that's never going to end.
This could be
a new beginning for us.
I just don't see
any point in putting it off.
Oh, good day.
Good day.
I hear you had
some visitors
today at school?
I know you spoke
with Mrs. Lawson.
She didn't just
magically change her mind.
No, it wasn't me.
It was Jack.
Jack?
Oh, he gave her
a piece of his mind
after she turned
you down.
He did?
My son thinks
the world of you.
Well, I don't know
about all that.
Well, he does,
and he is not
an easy one to impress.
Like his mother?
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
[laughing]
Hello? Two more.
Oh! Oh...
How lovely.
A gift from my Aunt Gertie
in Minnesota.
Which is strange...
because I thought
she had passed on.
Well, maybe it is Aunt Gertie.
Oh. You're such a tease.
Does all this stuff
really have to be
in my office, though?
Where else are we going
to put everything?
And I certainly
can't ask people
not to send gifts.
They're so happy for us.
Except perhaps
Penelope Calloway.
Did I tell you she's not
even coming to the wedding?
Yes, you mentioned that
15 times--
now 16 times--
but it reminds me--
she did send...
a telegram.
"Dear Rosemary--
George and I wish
we could be there
to celebrate
your special day."
[dubiously] Hmm.
"I thought you would
like to know
we had a little girl.
We wanted her name
to reflect beauty,
kindness, and grace,
so we named...
her
Rosemary Calloway."
Well, how about that?
They named their daughter
after you.
I don't know
quite what to say.
Sometimes,
that's a good thing.
A little girl...
named Rosemary.
And they want her to grow up
to be just like me.
Who can blame them?
Oh, Lee.
I think this might be
the best gift of all.
[chuckles]
[door opens]
[Charlotte]
What's with this town?
They roll up the sidewalks
at 9:00.
The cafe's closed,
your lady friend's working
on her storytelling,
and I cannot find a poker game
to save my life.
Well, then I guess I got you
all to myself tonight.
[chuckles]
Did you get that button fixed?
Yeah, Ma.
I got the button fixed.
Ma...
can we talk about something?
You name it.
Thank you.
[exhales heavily]
I want to know what
you think about Elizabeth.
What kind of
a question is that?
Would you just
answer, please?
The real question
is what the heck is goin' on
between the two of you?
What's that supposed to mean?
Jack, you have been seeing
Lizzie for a long time now.
I'd say it's time to ride
or get out of the saddle.
Yeah, well, things haven't
always been easy between us.
They should be.
Yeah, they should be,
but you and I both know
life isn't like that.
I just want you to be happy.
Sometimes, I wonder.
Oh!
There's that sass again.
Come here.
I love you, you know that?
Oh, I love you, too, son.
I love you.
[♪♪♪]
[gravel crunching]
[deadbolt clicks]
[♪♪♪]
[Elizabeth] Oh, my goodness.
It's so beautiful.
You really like it?
[laughs] Yes! Why?
Because it's mine.
I signed
the papers today.
Jack...
What made you
decide to do it?
Rip said
it was getting
a little too crowded
at the jail, so...
[laughs]
Now I just got to
save up enough to--
to build a place--
a big kitchen,
three, four bedrooms.
That's an awfully big
house for one Mountie.
Could get lonesome.
Well...
there's always Rip.
Good old Rip.
Maybe some chickens.
Sure. You'll need
lots of chickens.
A goat.
Goats are good.
Yeah.
Anything else?
Any ideas?
A couple.
Like?
Well, you'll need a guest room
for when your mother
comes to visit.
Well, I can't forget about Ma.
And a nice feather bed
for your blankie.
My blankie?
She didn't tell you
about--
She did.
She really needs
to stop sharing so much.
I know all about your blankie,
and how you wouldn't
go to sleep
unless you had it with you
to keep you warm.
Well...
I guess I'm gonna
have to figure out
another way
to keep warm at night.
[♪♪♪]
[thunder crashes]
[laughs]
[door opens]
Bill?
They're gone.
Who?
Henry and Nora.
When I got home,
I found this note
she left for me.
"I'm sorry,
but Henry said there's no time
for goodbyes."
He must've left
by the South Road.
It's the only one
that's safe after all the rain.
What are you
going to do?
Find him!
[thunder crashing]
[grunts]
Last load
of the day.
Yeah. Can't
come soon enough.
[loud rumbling]
You hear that?
I think we should
get out of here.
It's a landslide!
Come on! Come on!
Run!
[rumbling continues]
[♪♪♪]
Maybe we should turn
around and head back.
No. We don't stop
till we make it
to Union City.
Why?
Just trust me, Nora.
You know,
nobody appreciates
what I've done,
what I go through
every day.
Henry, watch out!
[crashing]
[♪♪♪]